[serve] add warning for max concurrent queries default (#43004)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/advanced-guides/advanced-autoscaling.md

:::

#### **max_concurrent_queries [default=100]**
:::{note}

> The default for `max_concurrent_queries` will *switch* to 5 in an upcoming Ray release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default for `max_concurrent_queries` will be changed to 5 in an upcoming Ray release. You can continue to set it manually to override the default.
```
